minecraft:ocean
minecraft:plains
minecraft:desert
minecraft:extreme_hills
minecraft:forest
minecraft:taiga
minecraft:swampland
minecraft:river
minecraft:hell
minecraft:sky
minecraft:frozen_ocean
minecraft:frozen_river
minecraft:ice_flats
minecraft:ice_mountains
minecraft:mushroom_island
minecraft:mushroom_island_shore
minecraft:beaches
minecraft:desert_hills
minecraft:forest_hills
minecraft:taiga_hills
minecraft:smaller_extreme_hills
minecraft:jungle
minecraft:jungle_hills
minecraft:jungle_edge
minecraft:deep_ocean
minecraft:stone_beach
minecraft:cold_beach
minecraft:birch_forest
minecraft:birch_forest_hills
minecraft:roofed_forest
minecraft:taiga_cold
minecraft:taiga_cold_hills
minecraft:redwood_taiga
minecraft:redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:savanna
minecraft:savanna_rock
minecraft:mesa
minecraft:mesa_rock
minecraft:mesa_clear_rock
minecraft:void
minecraft:mutated_plains
minecraft:mutated_desert
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills
minecraft:mutated_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga
minecraft:mutated_swampland
minecraft:mutated_ice_flats
minecraft:mutated_jungle
minecraft:mutated_jungle_edge
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest
minecraft:mutated_birch_forest_hills
minecraft:mutated_roofed_forest
minecraft:mutated_taiga_cold
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga
minecraft:mutated_redwood_taiga_hills
minecraft:mutated_extreme_hills_with_trees
minecraft:mutated_savanna
minecraft:mutated_savanna_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa
minecraft:mutated_mesa_rock
minecraft:mutated_mesa_clear_rock
randomthings:spectral
valoegheses_be:low spruce woodlands
valoegheses_be:low woodlands
valoegheses_be:high woodlands
valoegheses_be:woodlands hills
valoegheses_be:high inhabited woodlands
valoegheses_be:low tall woodlands
valoegheses_be:northern snow alps
valoegheses_be:northern alps
valoegheses_be:northern snow subalpine alps
valoegheses_be:northern subalpine alps
valoegheses_be:southern alps
valoegheses_be:southern alps subalpine
valoegheses_be:extreme southern alps
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats trees
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats oasis
valoegheses_be:wasteland flats slopes
valoegheses_be:orchid fields
valoegheses_be:australian outback
valoegheses_be:lowlands
valoegheses_be:lowlands chapparal
valoegheses_be:moorlands
valoegheses_be:highlands
valoegheses_be:bluff
valoegheses_be:mire
valoegheses_be:white woods
valoegheses_be:white oaks
valoegheses_be:white woods hills
valoegheses_be:white oaks hills
valoegheses_be:snow rocks
valoegheses_be:snow rocks mountains
valoegheses_be:snow rocks plateau
valoegheses_be:sand dunes
valoegheses_be:red sand dunes
valoegheses_be:sand dunes m
valoegheses_be:sand dunes oasis
valoegheses_be:grassy fen
valoegheses_be:grassy marshland
valoegheses_be:archipelago
valoegheses_be:ghost forest
valoegheses_be:barelands
valoegheses_be:forested canyon pillars
valoegheses_be:forested canyon plateau
valoegheses_be:forested canyon plateau m
valoegheses_be:bush
valoegheses_be:bushland hills
valoegheses_be:brushlands
valoegheses_be:dense brushlands
valoegheses_be:hot brushlands
valoegheses_be:brushlands hills
valoegheses_be:stony reef
valoegheses_be:tropical jungle
bewitchment:vampire_lair
thaumcraft:magical_forest
thaumcraft:eerie
thaumcraft:eldritch
twilightforest:twilight_lake
twilightforest:twilight_forest
twilightforest:dense_twilight_forest
twilightforest:twilight_highlands
twilightforest:mushroom_forest
twilightforest:twilight_swamp
twilightforest:twilight_stream
twilightforest:snowy_forest
twilightforest:twilight_glacier
twilightforest:twilight_clearing
twilightforest:oak_savannah
twilightforest:firefly_forest
twilightforest:deep_mushroom_forest
twilightforest:dark_forest
twilightforest:enchanted_forest
twilightforest:fire_swamp
twilightforest:dark_forest_center
twilightforest:highlands_center
twilightforest:thornlands
evilcraft:biome_degraded
redwoods:redwood_forest
redwoods:lush_redwood_forest
redwoods:temperate_rainforest
redwoods:snowy_rainforest
redwoods:alpine
wizardry:wizardry_torikkisea
wizardry:wizardry_torikki
wizardry:wizardry_underworld
midnight:vigilant_forest
midnight:black_ridge
midnight:deceitful_bog
midnight:fungi_forest
midnight:obscured_peaks
midnight:warped_fields
midnight:crystal_spires
midnight:night_plains
midnight:obscured_plateau
midnight:phantasmal_valley
midnight:runebush_grove
midnight:hilly_vigilant_forest
midnight:hilly_fungi_forest
biometweaker:ash_desert
biometweaker:burned_forest
biometweaker:scorched_plains
dimdoors:limbo
dimdoors:white_void
dimdoors:black_void
dimdoors:dangerous_black_void
thebetweenlands:patchy_islands
thebetweenlands:swamplands
thebetweenlands:deep_waters
thebetweenlands:coarse_islands
thebetweenlands:sludge_plains
thebetweenlands:marsh_0
thebetweenlands:marsh_1
thebetweenlands:swamplands_clearing
plants2:crystal_forest
